Ali | Amir / Storybook for components (#2009)
binary-com/deriv-app: packages/components/stories/accordion/README.md

# Accordion Component

> Renders an accordions with a list of inner objects. The objects must have `header` and `content` property and both of them can be a `simple` string or a `node object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An accordion with a list of node objects. Objects must have `header` and `content` props and both of them can be a `simple string` or a `node object`.
```

#### Supported Gestures:

-   Click

## Usage

```jsx
import Accordion from 'Components/accordion';

const DummyComponent = props => (
   <Accordion
        className='accordion__wrapper'
        list={data}
    />
);
```

## Props

| Name          | Type                | Default   | Description                         |
| ------------- | ------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------- |

> | list          | [{header, contant}] | []        | Array contains a list of objects.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| list          | [{header, contant}] | []        | Array containing the list of objects.   |
```

> | classname     | {string}            | null      | Classname for accordion wrapper.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| className     | {string}            | null      | Accordion wrapper class.    |
```

# Full example:

```jsx
import Accordion from 'Components/accordion';

const DummyComponent = props => (
    <Accordion
        className='accordion__wrapper'

>         list={[ { header: 'header 1', content: 'content 1' },
>                 { header: 'header 2', content: 'content 2' },
>                 { header: 'header 3', content: 'content 3' }
>         ]}
>     />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        list={Array.from(new Array(3)).map((v, i) => ({ header: `header ${i + 1}`, content: `content ${i + 1}`}))}
    />
```
